README.md, before:

# Lab 3 - *Github Repo*

**Github Repo** is a GitHub Repo search app using the [GitHub API](https://developer.github.com/v3/search/#search-repositories).

Time spent: **2.5** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] Table rows for search results should be dynamic height according to the content height.
- [x] Custom cells should have the proper Auto Layout constraints.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1. Autolayout with labels
2.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://imgur.com/4gp1gSI.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright 2017 Sean Sangwoo Nam

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Filter by number of repo stars

README.md, after:

# Lab 3 - *Github Repo*

**Github Repo** is a GitHub Repo search app using the [GitHub API](https://developer.github.com/v3/search/#search-repositories).

Time spent: **5** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] Table rows for search results should be dynamic height according to the content height.
- [x] Custom cells should have the proper Auto Layout constraints.
- [x] Filter repos based on number of stars

The following **additional** features are implemented:
- []

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://imgur.com/zR2hTsC.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Had to look up how to set the min/max value of the slider in Interface Builder even though I knew I could do it programmatically. 
## License

    Copyright 2017 Sean Sangwoo Nam

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
